_portfolio/assessment.md, before:

--- 
layout: portfolio 
title: Encapsulon Assessment 
subtitle: Wren Solutions
permalink: /portfolio/assessment/
weight: 2011.11
background-image: "/images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png"
company-name: Wren Solutions
company-description: >
    Wren Solutions has over 30 years of experience working with many of the largest retailers in the world.  Wren understands the nuances and challenges faced in retail and is uniquely equipped to help solve problems. 

    Wren provides audit software and other physical security solutions helping Retail Loss Prevention Professionals become heroes in their retail organizations. 

blurb: >
    Wren Solutions provides audit software and other physical security solutions helping Loss Prevention Professionals become heroes in their organizations. 

company-picture: |
        <picture>
        <img
        sizes="(max-width: 1517px) 100vw, 1517px"
        srcset="
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_320.png 320w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_686.png 686w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_950.png 950w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1162.png 1162w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png 1517w"
        src="/images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png"
        alt="">
        </picture>

brief-description: |
    Wren was shipping a physical security appliance called "Encapsulon" targeted at retailers and schools. Encapsulon included an auditing application called "Assessment". The auditing application was kind of like a survey application (think Survey Monkey). The original version of the Assessment application was not successful in the market.

    The CEO of the company wanted to provide a version of Encapsulon using the Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") distribution model. Much of the Encapsulon product suite had to be located on the customer premises as it was controlling security cameras and badge readers. The Assessment application did not require any physical equipment, so it was the best candidate to be released as a SaaS application. The company was also changing its sales and marketing to focus more heavily on the retail market.

    I lead the team that implemented the new Encapsulon Assessment solution. The team was comprised of 5 .NET developers, 2 product managers, 2 QA engineers, and several contractors that did performance testing.
    
solution-description: |
    We built a SaaS version of the Assessment application targeted at retail loss prevention professionals. According to Wikipedia, retail loss prevention is a set of practices employed by retail companies to preserve profit. Profit preservation is any business activity specifically designed to reduce preventable losses. A preventable loss is any business cost caused by deliberate or inadvertent human actions, colloquially known as "shrinkage".

    The solution was a web application that allowed a Loss Prevention ("LP") auditor to manage the auditing process, including: creating audits, conducting/scheduling audits, and reporting on audit performance. The Conduct function of the application was optimized for an iPad tablet.

solution-images-description: The following screen shots show the richness of the user interface.
solution-images:
    -   src: "/images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png"
        alt: Assessment Home
    -   src: "/images/assessment Audit Activity.png"
        alt: ""
    -   src: "/images/assessment edit Q3 2011.png"
        alt: ""
    -   src: "/images/assessment conduct Loss Prevention.png"
        alt: ""
    -   src: "/images/assessment Audit Trends By Business Unit Report.png"
        alt: ""
technology-description: |
    This project was built in Microsoft Visual Studio.
technology-logos:
    -   src:    "/images/logo-visualstudio.png" 
        alt:    "Logo"
recommendation-header: Remarks
recommendation-description: |
    **"Mark brings a holistic, pragmatic approach to creating and delivering market-driven products. His abilities range from building effective in-house teams to successfully managing outside resources, for both highly specialized projects as well as turn-key development. His business expertise is invaluable to companies that want to maximize their R&D investment. Mark provides value across organizations: he’s an expert at solving complex problems, synthesizing market requirements and working collaboratively to deliver results. "**

    Amelia Fusaro, President of Wren Solutions

---

Commit message:

added mobile and web portfolio landing pages. hid development services from menu.

_portfolio/assessment.md, after:

--- 
layout: portfolio 
title: Encapsulon Assessment 
subtitle: Wren Solutions
permalink: /portfolio/assessment/
weight: 2011.11
tags: 
    - mobile
    - web
    - api

background-image: "/images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png"
company-name: Wren Solutions

company-description: >
    Wren Solutions has over 30 years of experience working with many of the largest retailers in the world.  Wren understands the nuances and challenges faced in retail and is uniquely equipped to help solve problems. 

    Wren provides audit software and other physical security solutions helping Retail Loss Prevention Professionals become heroes in their retail organizations. 

blurb: >
    For Wren Solutions, I lead the development and launch of a responsive web application for professional retail auditors.

company-picture: |
        <picture>
        <img
        sizes="(max-width: 1517px) 100vw, 1517px"
        srcset="
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_320.png 320w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_686.png 686w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_950.png 950w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1162.png 1162w,
        /images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png 1517w"
        src="/images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png"
        alt="">
        </picture>

brief-description: |
    Wren was shipping a physical security appliance called "Encapsulon" targeted at retailers and schools. Encapsulon included an auditing application called "Assessment". The auditing application was kind of like a survey application (think Survey Monkey). The original version of the Assessment application was not successful in the market.

    The CEO of the company wanted to provide a version of Encapsulon using the Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") distribution model. Much of the Encapsulon product suite had to be located on the customer premises as it was controlling security cameras and badge readers. The Assessment application did not require any physical equipment, so it was the best candidate to be released as a SaaS application. The company was also changing its sales and marketing to focus more heavily on the retail market.

    I lead the team that implemented the new Encapsulon Assessment solution. The team was comprised of 5 .NET developers, 2 product managers, 2 QA engineers, and several contractors that did performance testing.
    
solution-description: |
    We built a SaaS version of the Assessment application targeted at retail loss prevention professionals. According to Wikipedia, retail loss prevention is a set of practices employed by retail companies to preserve profit. Profit preservation is any business activity specifically designed to reduce preventable losses. A preventable loss is any business cost caused by deliberate or inadvertent human actions, colloquially known as "shrinkage".

    The solution was a web application that allowed a Loss Prevention ("LP") auditor to manage the auditing process, including: creating audits, conducting/scheduling audits, and reporting on audit performance. The Conduct function of the application was optimized for an iPad tablet.

solution-images-description: The following screen shots show the richness of the user interface.
solution-images:
    -   src: "/images/assessment_Home_vtv0cw_c_scale,w_1517.png"
        alt: Assessment Home
    -   src: "/images/assessment Audit Activity.png"
        alt: ""
    -   src: "/images/assessment edit Q3 2011.png"
        alt: ""
    -   src: "/images/assessment conduct Loss Prevention.png"
        alt: ""
    -   src: "/images/assessment Audit Trends By Business Unit Report.png"
        alt: ""
technology-description: |
    This project was built in Microsoft Visual Studio.
technology-logos:
    -   src:    "/images/logo-visualstudio.png" 
        alt:    "Logo"
recommendation-header: Remarks
recommendation-description: |
    **"Mark brings a holistic, pragmatic approach to creating and delivering market-driven products. His abilities range from building effective in-house teams to successfully managing outside resources, for both highly specialized projects as well as turn-key development. His business expertise is invaluable to companies that want to maximize their R&D investment. Mark provides value across organizations: he’s an expert at solving complex problems, synthesizing market requirements and working collaboratively to deliver results. "**

    Amelia Fusaro, President of Wren Solutions

---
