_portfolio/dash.md, before:

--- 
layout: portfolio 
title: CollectorDASH
subtitle: Custom iPhone Application
permalink: /portfolio/dash/
weight: 2013.05
background-image: "/images/mac-small.jpg"
published: true
styles:
    - name:     "/css/lightbox.min.css"
scripts:
    - name:     "/js/lightbox.min.js"
company-name: CollectorDASH

company-picture: |
    <img src="/images/dash-af-home-clip.png" alt="">

company-description: >
    The CollectorDASH platform enables communities of collectors.  Through integration of social, mobile and ecommerce technologies, DASH engages its collector users through its innovative user experience.  

brief-description: |
    CollectorDASH provides a sophisticated web application for each collector community that allows a collector to completely manage their collection, including buying, selling and trading collectibles in a marketplace. The web application did not work well on a mobile device. Additionally, one of the problems of adding items to a collection is taking photos of the item.
    
solution-description: |
    I built a custom iPhone application for CollectorDASH that incorporated many configuration options so that I could easily build a new version of the application for each separate CollectorDASH community. The first two communities each had their own custom iPhone app: Action Figures and Model Trains. I took advantage of the iPhone camera to allow the user to take photos of their collectibles and upload them to the CollectorDASH server.

    Here are some screen shots from the Action Figures application:
    <div class="inner align-center">
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-home,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Home Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-home,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-flash,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Flash Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-flash,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-deals,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Deals Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-deals,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-wanted,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Wanted Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-wanted,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
    </div>

technology-description: |
    The custom iPhone app was written in Objective-C using Xcode.


technology-logos:
    -   src:    "/images/logo-xcode.png"             
        alt:    "Xcode Logo"

visit-url: "http://www.collectordash.com"
visit-name: CollectorDASH
---

Commit message:

added mobile and web portfolio landing pages. hid development services from menu.

_portfolio/dash.md, after:

--- 
layout: portfolio 
title: CollectorDASH
subtitle: Custom iPhone Application
permalink: /portfolio/dash/
weight: 2013.05
tags: mobile
background-image: "/images/mac-small.jpg"
published: true
styles:
    - name:     "/css/lightbox.min.css"
scripts:
    - name:     "/js/lightbox.min.js"
company-name: CollectorDASH

company-picture: |
    <img src="/images/dash-af-home-clip.png" alt="">

company-description: >
    The CollectorDASH platform enables communities of collectors.  Through integration of social, mobile and ecommerce technologies, DASH engages its collector users through its innovative user experience.  
blurb: >
    For CollectorDASH, I built a custom iPhone app that allows CollectorDASH users to interact with their collection on their mobile device.  

brief-description: |
    CollectorDASH provides a sophisticated web application for each collector community that allows a collector to completely manage their collection, including buying, selling and trading collectibles in a marketplace. The web application did not work well on a mobile device. Additionally, one of the problems of adding items to a collection is taking photos of the item.
    
solution-description: |
    I built a custom iPhone application for CollectorDASH that incorporated many configuration options so that I could easily build a new version of the application for each separate CollectorDASH community. The first two communities each had their own custom iPhone app: Action Figures and Model Trains. I took advantage of the iPhone camera to allow the user to take photos of their collectibles and upload them to the CollectorDASH server.

    Here are some screen shots from the Action Figures application:
    <div class="inner align-center">
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-home,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Home Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-home,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-flash,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Flash Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-flash,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-deals,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Deals Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-deals,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
        <a class="lightbox-link" href="/images/dash-af-wanted,w_640.png" data-lightbox="example-set" data-title="CollectorDASH Action Figures - Wanted Screen">
            <img class="example-image" src="/images/dash-af-wanted,w_160.png" alt=""/>
        </a>
    </div>

technology-description: |
    The custom iPhone app was written in Objective-C using Xcode.


technology-logos:
    -   src:    "/images/logo-xcode.png"             
        alt:    "Xcode Logo"

visit-url: "http://www.collectordash.com"
visit-name: CollectorDASH
---
