_pages/contact.md, before:

---
layout: page-no-cta
title: Contact
menu:  Contact
permalink: /contact/
---
<div class="row">
    <div class="6u 12u$(medium)">
        <h4>Contact Me</h4>
        <p>Thanks for your interest. For questions or comments, please use this form.</p>
        <form id="contact-form" action="//formspree.io/mark@marklummus.com" method="post">
            <div class="row uniform">
                <div class="12u$">
                    <input type="text" name="Name" placeholder="Name" required>
                </div>
                <div class="12u$">
                    <input type="email" name="Email" placeholder="Email" required>
                </div>
                <div class="12u$">
                    <textarea name="Message" cols="30" rows="3" placeholder="Message" required></textarea>
                </div>
                <!-- CONFIG -->
                <input style="display:none" type="text" name="_gotcha">
                <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="New Web Submission">
                <!-- /CONFIG -->
                <div class="12u$">
                    <input class="submit" type="submit" value="Send">
                </div>
            </div>
        </form>
        <h4>Phone</h4>
        <p><a href="tel://+14049557521">(404) 955-7521</a></p>
    </div>
    <div class="-1u 5u 12u$(medium)">
        <h4>Service Area</h4>
        <p>I prefer to work with my clients face-to-face so I focus on serving clients in and around Atlanta, GA.</p>
        <h4>Address</h4>
        <p>StrongBox West<br/>
        1040 W. Marietta Street NW<br/>
        Atlanta, GA 30318</p>
        <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3316.0734963978675!2d-84.42372748375477!3d33.78460018067971!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x88f504c72ad33089%3A0x267b88fdc9e07b85!2s1040+West+Marietta+St+NW%2C+Atlanta%2C+GA+30318!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1467919833759" width="400" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
    </div>
</div>

Commit message:

changed page descriptions to give unique meta descriptions for better SEO.

_pages/contact.md, after:

---
layout: page-no-cta
title: Contact
menu:  Contact
permalink: /contact/
description: |
    Mark Lummus provides fractional/interim/on-demand CTO services in Atlanta. Find out how to contact Mark on this page.
---
<div class="row">
    <div class="6u 12u$(medium)">
        <h4>Contact Me</h4>
        <p>Thanks for your interest. For questions or comments, please use this form.</p>
        <form id="contact-form" action="//formspree.io/mark@marklummus.com" method="post">
            <div class="row uniform">
                <div class="12u$">
                    <input type="text" name="Name" placeholder="Name" required>
                </div>
                <div class="12u$">
                    <input type="email" name="Email" placeholder="Email" required>
                </div>
                <div class="12u$">
                    <textarea name="Message" cols="30" rows="3" placeholder="Message" required></textarea>
                </div>
                <!-- CONFIG -->
                <input style="display:none" type="text" name="_gotcha">
                <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="New Web Submission">
                <!-- /CONFIG -->
                <div class="12u$">
                    <input class="submit" type="submit" value="Send">
                </div>
            </div>
        </form>
        <h4>Phone</h4>
        <p><a href="tel://+14049557521">(404) 955-7521</a></p>
    </div>
    <div class="-1u 5u 12u$(medium)">
        <h4>Service Area</h4>
        <p>I prefer to work with my clients face-to-face so I focus on serving clients in and around Atlanta, GA.</p>
        <h4>Address</h4>
        <p>StrongBox West<br/>
        1040 W. Marietta Street NW<br/>
        Atlanta, GA 30318</p>
        <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3316.0734963978675!2d-84.42372748375477!3d33.78460018067971!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x88f504c72ad33089%3A0x267b88fdc9e07b85!2s1040+West+Marietta+St+NW%2C+Atlanta%2C+GA+30318!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1467919833759" width="400" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
    </div>
</div>
