_pages/outsourcing-pitfalls.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contract Software Development Services
permalink: /software-development/
xmenu: Contract Development
description: |
  Mark knows how to reduce risks and maximize budgets to build mobile/web applications. Get your free consultation today!
---

{:.align-center}
## Before you hire a software development company,<br /> talk to me.

If you talk to me, I will tell you about Rochelle, who spent $100K on contract software developers to build a new software product, and could not ship it because it was not what she asked for. 

You can ask me about Joe, whose contract developer could not finish the job.

And I can tell you about Darren, who spent several years outsourcing a product, and still had nothing that he could sell.

These stories are common. I talk to entrepreneurs and small business owners every week who tell me the same thing.

<br />

{:.align-center}
## If you don't know how to build software using contract developers, you are likely to fail.

<br />

As a business owner, "failure to launch" is the worst possible outcome. If you don't ship the product, you don't get the revenue. if you don't ship the product, you don't win the customer. If you don't ship the product, you don't build the business.

Talk to me about how I build software products. I'll tell you about:

 * how I use *Lean Startup* techniques to formulate hypotheses about your target market and then test those hypotheses; 
 * how I use *Agile Methodologies* to build software iteratively; 
 * how I use *strategic outsourcing* to deliver marketable software reliably and quickly within a reasonable budget using contracted resources; 
 * how I avoid *failure to launch*. 

I can tell you about Mike, who followed my advice and launched his version 1 product into the market on time.

I can tell you about my time at Nokia, where I reduced our device software testing time from 30 days to 2 days.

**If you are considering using contract software developers to build your product, please talk to me first. I will help  you build a hybrid team of local and remote developers that will deliver a successful outcome.**

Commit message:

changed seo implementation. updated page descriptions and titles. change effective outsouring text

_pages/outsourcing-pitfalls.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Contract Software Development Services
permalink: /software-development/
xmenu: Contract Development
keywords-meta: CTO, Fractional CTO, consultant, software development services, outsourcing, outsourcing management
description: |
  Reduce risks & maximize budgets when outsourcing mobile/web application development. Ask me how!
summary:
  style: style3
  text: |
      **If you are considering using contract software developers to build your product, please talk to me first. I will help  you build a hybrid team of local and remote developers that will deliver a successful outcome.**
---

{:.align-center}
## Before you hire a software development company,<br /> talk to me.

If you talk to me, I will tell you about Rochelle, who spent $100K on contract software developers to build a new software product, and could not ship it because it was not what she asked for. 

You can ask me about Joe, whose contract developer could not finish the job.

And I can tell you about Darren, who spent several years outsourcing a product, and still had nothing that he could sell.

These stories are common. I talk to entrepreneurs and small business owners every week who tell me the same thing.

<br />

{:.align-center}
## If you don't know how to build software using contract developers, you are likely to fail.

<br />

As a business owner, "failure to launch" is the worst possible outcome. If you don't ship the product, you don't get the revenue. if you don't ship the product, you don't win the customer. If you don't ship the product, you don't build the business.

Talk to me about how I build software products. I'll tell you about:

 * how I use *Lean Startup* techniques to formulate hypotheses about your target market and then test those hypotheses; 
 * how I use *Agile Methodologies* to build software iteratively; 
 * how I use *strategic outsourcing* to deliver marketable software reliably and quickly within a reasonable budget using contracted resources; 
 * how I avoid *failure to launch*. 

I can tell you about Mike, who followed my advice and launched his version 1 product into the market on time.

I can tell you about my time at Nokia, where I reduced our device software testing time from 30 days to 2 days.
